Get some Auth going
so no one can just walk in
and start making users.
We need to be able to log in
before we can create that stuff.
And then further on in this course
we're gonna get fine grain into role control
over who should be able to do what.
So let's open up Keystone.ts
and we've got this.
This is our Keystone server config right here.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna create
a method called with Auth
that has some settings in it.
And that's gonna layer in the secret source.
That is
the ability to have Auth in Keystone.
So we'll make that.
Oh, lets say constant curly bracket
say with Auth
is equal to
and we are going to use a method called create Auth.
Create Auth
boom, did that auto import it?
Oh, it did.
All right, so here we go.
Import and create Auth from Keystone forward slash Auth.
That's awesome.
And inside of there it takes the settings subject.
So first a couple of things we have to say,
list key is going to be a user.
Why? Because it needs to know which schema
is going to be responsible for being the user, right?
Like it could be customer,
it could be obviously user in our case,
it could be person,
it could be company.
In our case it's user that logs in.
And then we gotta tell it the identity field,
which field in user is going to identify the person.
Our case is going to be email.
Like what did they log in with?
Is it gonna be their username, their email?
Pretty much just one of two of those.
The secret field, which that's going to be our password.
That's the field that is,
it's going to ask for when they type it in.
That next up we want to say in it first item.
So this is always kind of a chicken and egg thing
where you get in as you turn on Auth
but if you set it up
and there is no users
then how do you Auth.
And what a lot of places do is they just
you turn off Auth for a quick second, create a user
and then turn it back on again.
But Keystone has a really nice
this thing called in it first item
which is an object
and inside of that we say fields,
which fields do we want
to allow them to in it with?
We have the name, the field, the email field
and the password field.
And then finally we should say to do,
add in
initial roles here.
Just because when we do add roles
we should give this person every single role
cause they are going to be the administrator.
So I believe that's what we need.
Now we have this method here called with Auth.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna wrap
this config here in with Auth.
So that and then we'll have to go all the way
to the bottom here
and add another parentheses.
Okay.
Next, cause we need to set up a session
because like when somebody logs in
it will set a cookie
and that gives them a session.
They are logged in until they log out
or the cookie expires
which we have set earlier.
So we gotta go down here
where we have to do add a session here.
We will add our session argument here.
And that will be with item capital I item data
and inside of that,
we have stateless
sessions capital S and you pass it.
Our session config that we did earlier
remember up here
were we have the max age and the secret.
And then the second argument too with item data
is going to be an object
where we ask for
the user ID every single time.
And the reason why we do this
is that we are going
to get into permissions in the future videos.
So we're just setting ourselves up for that.
Essentially, what this will do is it will pass the ID
and any other data we query
along with every single session.
And then anytime we wanna access the session
we have access to the user's name, email, ID etc.
All right, we got some problems here with item data,
can't be imported, no suggestions
and stateless sessions
and can't be important either.
Just copy both of those.
We'll go to the top here
and let's
import both of those.
With item data and stateless sessions.
And that comes from at Keystone
dash next or just at KeystoneJS.
And the package is called Keystone.
And then it's further inside of session.
All right, so now we've got with item data
and stateless sessions.
The last thing is,
remember this is allowed access.
We are currently allowing it true
for whoever.
And if we left this as true
it would still allow anybody to come in.
So what we wanna do is
show
the UI
only for people who
pass this test.
And you could do any logic you want in here,
if they are admin or whatever.
In our case we just wanna make sure
that they have a session and they are logged in.
So what we'll do here is
it will actually pass us
the session of the user
and let's just console log it.
So we see what's going on here,
console.log(session).
And then we will return
if there is
session.data.
And then we'll put a question mark on there.
And what that will do is if there is a session
and there is a session.data
then it will return true,
they are logged in.
Otherwise they are not logged in
and it will show them that.
So let's restart NPM run dev.
Got a bit of an error here,
session config, oh look at that.
That should be a comma.
And it's telling us
unsafe return of any type.
We need to turn that into a bullion
and the best way to coerce that into a bullion
is put two bangs on the front.
It's also telling us
unsafe member access data on any value.
And that's fine for now,
we'll fix that in the future.
Let's just get the sucker running
and make sure that it asks us to login.
Refresh this sucker.
Boom, there we go.
So this is that initial signup.
Welcome to Keystone,
create the first user.
So, Wes Bos
wesbos@gmail.com.
And I gotta set my password to be, wes wes wes.
Don't log into my online bank with this.
Get started.
Boom, created it.
And look at this.
Remember we console log the session right here.
This is what a session looks like.
It tells us the list key, the
item ID
and then it gives us the data that we've required.
This is actually a GraphQL
query.
We are gonna be adding stuff here in the future
but even if we were to add the name and email in there
and restarted that sucker.
You see look every single time there's a request
the data about the user is passed along.
And that can be really helpful
for writing what is called middleware.
If you won't allow somebody to do something
or you wanna check if somebody has a certain role
or you wanna see if they are signed in
then you can always check their session
and information about that user.
And that that's great because you don't have
to explicitly go out
and query the data every single time.
It just comes along with every single request.
We did that in my Node course as well.
and I really liked that.
All right good,
so now we have our sessions done.
Let's get rid of that console.
I'll leave that in
just so in case you wanna take a look at it yourself.
I find console logging is helpful.
We got our users,
now let's start getting going
with the rest of the data types.